Part 1:

It is my intention to inform you of my limitations with regard to money transfers. As you know, the US sanctions on Iran have caused our currency to fall by 1000 percent and the cost of the course is high for the Iranian people and we are not able to send or receive money. And while we don't have access to international payment systems like Paypal, MasterCard, and Visa Card, that's actually the main problem, because I believe the value of this training is far greater than they were intended. Of course, if there was a way to pay for that amount, I would definitely pay and start the period sooner.
Based on my study of the course syllabus, I came to the conclusion that this overview provides a comprehensive overview of the basic concepts of (مبحث یا مهارت مدنظر). Also, users' comments indicate that this is a practical and useful course that will enhance practical skills.
Let me join this course with your kind help if you would kindly assist me and I will pass this course with flying colors without a doubt.

Part 2:
My goal is to learn (اسم دوره یا مهارت مدنظر) in order to improve my general skills and then follow my academic tracks in order to gain admission to top universities in Europe or the United States.
As a student, I need you to know that I have paved the way for immigration and that learning (اسم مهارت مدنظر) is my first step.
Compared to the in-person courses available in my country, I think Coursera offers the best courses.
The choice of this course as well as other courses was not only obvious to me but it was also recommended to me by my academic adviser.
In the following weeks, I have several interviews ahead of me, so this course would help me be able to speak professionally.
Specifically, if you consider me a highly qualified pupil and a well-deserved one, I would appreciate your kindness.

Finally, I would like to say:
In the current situation, due to the heavy cost of the university and the dormitory, I cannot afford to pay.


